.\" * 
.\" * ------------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * Dispatcher.1 - Dispatcher program
.\" * Created by Robert Heller on Thu Aug 14 20:53:36 2008
.\" * ------------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * Modification History: $Log$
.\" * Modification History: Revision 1.1  2002/07/28 14:03:50  heller
.\" * Modification History: Add it copyright notice headers
.\" * Modification History:
.\" * ------------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * Contents:
.\" * ------------------------------------------------------------------
.\" *  
.\" *     Model RR System, Version 2
.\" *     Copyright (C) 1994,1995,2002-2005  Robert Heller D/B/A Deepwoods Software
.\" * 			51 Locke Hill Road
.\" * 			Wendell, MA 01379-9728
.\" * 
.\" *     This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" *     it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" *     the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" *     (at your option) any later version.
.\" * 
.\" *     This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" *     but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" *     MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" *     GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" * 
.\" *     You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" *     along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" *     Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\" * 
.\" *  
.\" *
.TH Dispatcher 1 "Aug 2008" "Model Railroad System" "User Manual"
.SH NAME
Dispatcher -- Create dispatcher control screen programs
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B Dispatcher [X11 Toolkit options...] [DispatcherProgram ...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The Dispatcher program is used to create computerized CTC (Centralized
Traffic Control) panels, to be used by dispatchers as part of a CATC
(Computer Assisted Traffic Control) system to manage traffic flow for a
model railroad.  A computerized CTC panel typically contains a track work
schematic and a collection of control elements (such as switch plates,
signal plates, toggle switches, push buttons, etc.) that control the
track work and track side signals.  In addition to creating and editing
CTC panels, the Dispatcher program can read in an XTrkCAD layout file
and create a compressed graph of the track work and this graph can be
used as a guide while creating CTC panels.
.PP
Full complete documentation on the use of this program is included in the 
online help files as well as in the printable PDF and displayable HTML user 
manual.
.SH PARAMETERS
Dispatcher program files.
.SH AUTHOR
Robert Heller <heller@deepsoft.com>


