.\" * 
.\" * ------------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * TimeTable.1 - Time Table man page
.\" * Created by Robert Heller on Thu Aug 14 20:43:08 2008
.\" * ------------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * Modification History: $Log$
.\" * Modification History: Revision 1.1  2002/07/28 14:03:50  heller
.\" * Modification History: Add it copyright notice headers
.\" * Modification History:
.\" * ------------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * Contents:
.\" * ------------------------------------------------------------------
.\" *  
.\" *     Model RR System, Version 2
.\" *     Copyright (C) 1994,1995,2002-2005  Robert Heller D/B/A Deepwoods Software
.\" * 			51 Locke Hill Road
.\" * 			Wendell, MA 01379-9728
.\" * 
.\" *     This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" *     it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" *     the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" *     (at your option) any later version.
.\" * 
.\" *     This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" *     but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" *     MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" *     GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" * 
.\" *     You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" *     along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" *     Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\" * 
.\" *  
.\" *
.TH TimeTable  1 "Aug 2008" "Model Railroad System" "User Manual"
.SH NAME
TimeTable -- Time Table creation program
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B TimeTable [X11 Toolkit options...] [-totaltime time] [-timeincrement time] Name
.sp
.B TimeTable [X11 Toolkit options...] [TimeTableFile]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The Time Table (V2) program is a hybrid program, consisting of a Tcl/Tk
GUI on top of a C++ class library.  The GUI provides the user interface
to the algorithms and data structures contained in the C++ class
library.  This program was inspired by chapter 8 of the book 
.I How to Operate Your Model Railroad
by Bruce A. Chubb.  I strongly recommend reading this chapter fully
before using this program.  This program implements the methods
described in this chapter, in an automated fashion.
.PP
There are two formats for the TimeTable program's command line.  The
command line can either have a single file name, the name of an
existing time table file or it can have two options (-totaltime 
and -timeincrement) and the name of a new time table.  The first
form loads an existing time table and the second form creates
a new time table.
.PP
Full complete documentation on the use of this program is included in the
online help files as well as in the printable PDF and displayable HTML user
manual.
.SH OPTIONS
.B -totaltime
minutes
.sp
The total time of the time table chart, in minutes.
.sp
.B -timeincrement
minutes
.sp
The incremental number of minutes for each vertical line on the chart display.
.SH PARAMETERS
.B Name
.sp
The name of the new time table.
.sp
.B TimeTableFile
.sp
The name of an existing time table file to load.
.SH AUTHOR
Robert Heller <heller@deepsoft.com>





