.\" * 
.\" * ------------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * Resistor.1 - Resistor -- Resistor man page
.\" * Created by Robert Heller on Thu Aug 14 19:58:19 2008
.\" * ------------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * Modification History: $Log$
.\" * Modification History: Revision 1.1  2002/07/28 14:03:50  heller
.\" * Modification History: Add it copyright notice headers
.\" * Modification History:
.\" * ------------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * Contents:
.\" * ------------------------------------------------------------------
.\" *  
.\" *     Model RR System, Version 2
.\" *     Copyright (C) 1994,1995,2002-2005  Robert Heller D/B/A Deepwoods Software
.\" * 			51 Locke Hill Road
.\" * 			Wendell, MA 01379-9728
.\" * 
.\" *     This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" *     it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" *     the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" *     (at your option) any later version.
.\" * 
.\" *     This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" *     but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" *     MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" *     GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" * 
.\" *     You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" *     along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" *     Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\" * 
.\" *  
.\" *
.TH Resistor 1 "Aug 2008" "Model Railroad System" "User Manual"
.SH NAME
Resistor -- Resistor Calculator Program
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B Resistor [X11 Toolkit options...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The Resistor Calculator program aids in calculating dropping resistors
for LEDs and low-voltage lamps commonly used on model railroads.  It
implements Ohm's Law, shown below to perform the calculation and then
finds the nearest stock value and also displays the color bands for
typical carbon resistors.
.sp
.B Rdrop = Vdrop / I
.sp
.B Vdrop = Vsupply - Vload
.sp
The calculator takes three input values, the supply voltage,
.B Vsupply,
the voltage across the load,
.B Vload,
(LED or lamp) and the load current,
.B I,
the LED or lamp operates at.  These values are entered along with the 
units they are in. Then the calculate button is pushed and the results are 
displayed.  The results can also be saved to a text file, which can be 
printed or otherwise refered to later.
.SH PARAMETERS
None
.SH AUTHOR
Robert Heller <heller@deepsoft.com>



