.\" * 
.\" * ------------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * FCFMain.1 - FCF Main
.\" * Created by Robert Heller on Thu Aug 14 20:30:44 2008
.\" * ------------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * Modification History: $Log$
.\" * Modification History: Revision 1.1  2002/07/28 14:03:50  heller
.\" * Modification History: Add it copyright notice headers
.\" * Modification History:
.\" * ------------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * Contents:
.\" * ------------------------------------------------------------------
.\" *  
.\" *     Model RR System, Version 2
.\" *     Copyright (C) 1994,1995,2002-2005  Robert Heller D/B/A Deepwoods Software
.\" * 			51 Locke Hill Road
.\" * 			Wendell, MA 01379-9728
.\" * 
.\" *     This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" *     it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" *     the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" *     (at your option) any later version.
.\" * 
.\" *     This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" *     but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" *     MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" *     GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" * 
.\" *     You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" *     along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" *     Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\" * 
.\" *  
.\" *
.TH FCFMain 1 "Aug 2008" "Model Railroad System" "User Manual"
.SH NAME
FCFMain -- Freight Car Forwarder Program
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B FCFMain [X11 Toolkit options...] [SystemFile]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The Freight Car Forwarder (V2) is a hybrid program, consisting of a
Tcl/Tk GUI on top of a C++ class library.  The GUI provides the user
interface to the algorithms and data structures contained in the C++
class library.
.PP
Full complete documentation on the use of this program is included in the 
online help files as well as in the printable PDF and displayable HTML user 
manual.
.SH PARAMETERS
.B SystemFile
.sp
The optional system file to load.  The rest of the database is presumed to be
located in the same directory as the system file. 
.SH AUTHOR
Robert Heller <heller@deepsoft.com>
 

